---
layout: article
uuid: 3ac46d70-057e-403f-b19c-9c573526c722
title: My experience with ThrustVPS
categories: coolaj86 vps
updated_at: 2010-09-21
---

After having others complain about FSCKVPS I decided to get off of it myself.

I moved to ThrustVPS and at work we bought a VPS from NYNOC the same day.

I now believe that there is no such thing as "instant setup". In every experience it takes at least full business day.

Networking with ThrustVPS
----

Let's say that you were assigned the IP address '209.85.225.147'. If you don't want to wait for the ticket system to solve your can't-log-in issue, pop open the SolusVM serial console and put it in yourself:

`/etc/network/interfaces`:

    # This configuration file is auto-generated.
    # WARNING: Do not edit this file, your changes will be lost.
    # Please create/edit /etc/network/interfaces.head and /etc/network/interfaces.tail instead,
    # their contents will be inserted at the beginning and at the end
    # of this file, respectively.
    #
    # NOTE: it is NOT guaranteed that the contents of /etc/network/interfaces.tail
    # will be at the very end of this file.

    # Auto generated lo interface
    auto lo
    iface lo inet loopback

    # Auto generated venet0 interface
    auto venet0
    iface venet0 inet static
            address 127.0.0.1
            netmask 255.255.255.255
            broadcast 0.0.0.0
            up route add -net 192.0.2.1 netmask 255.255.255.255 dev venet0
            up route add default gw 192.0.2.1
    auto venet0:0
    iface venet0:0 inet static
            address 209.85.225.147
            netmask 255.255.255.255
            broadcast 0.0.0.0

    auto venet0:1
    iface venet0:1 inet static
            address 10.85.225.147
            netmask 255.255.255.255
            broadcast 0.0.0.0
